[zh] Update memory-default-namespace.md (#37332)
kubernetes/website: content/zh-cn/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/manage-resources/memory-default-namespace.md

    memory: 128Mi
```

> <!--
> {{< note >}}
> 
> A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be scheduleable.
> See [Constraints on resource limits and requests](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/#constraints-on-resource-limits-and-requests) for more details.
> 
> {{< /note >}}
> -->
> {{< note >}}
> 
> `LimitRange` 不会去检查它应用的默认值的一致性。这意味着由 `LimitRange` 设置的限制的默认值可能小于客户端提交给 API 服务器的规范中为容器指定的请求值。如果发生这种情况，最终的 Pod 将无法安排。
> 有关更多详细信息，请参考[对资源限制和请求的约束](/zh-cn/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/)。
> 
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
<!--
A `LimitRange` does **not** check the consistency of the default values it applies. This means that a default value for the _limit_ that is set by `LimitRange` may be less than the _request_ value specified for the container in the spec that a client submits to the API server. If that happens, the final Pod will not be scheduleable.
See [Constraints on resource limits and requests](/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/#constraints-on-resource-limits-and-requests) for more details.
-->
`LimitRange` **不会**去检查它所应用的默认值的一致性。这意味着由 `LimitRange`
设置的 limit 的默认值可能小于客户端提交给 API 服务器的规约中为容器指定的请求值。
如果发生这种情况，最终的 Pod 将无法被调度。
更多的相关信息细节，请参考[对资源限制和请求的约束](/zh-cn/docs/concepts/policy/limit-range/)。
{{< /note >}}
```
